			      EE 109  - Fall 2019
			     Lab 2 - Digital Logic

Edit the document below to fill your answers from the exercises done in lab.
Be sure to include the proper units, such as "1 kHz", or "200 msec"

1. (5 points) Fill out the following table for outputs A0 and A1. The duty
cycle of a signal is the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the time the
signal is in the high state to the period of the signal.

    Bit  Time in 0 state   Time in 1 state    Period    Frequency    Duty cycle

    A0          ?                 ?             ?           ?            ?

    A1          ?                 ?             ?           ?            ?



2. (2 points) What is the range of the width of the A2 pulse that you observed?

    Narrowest:     ?

    Widest:        ?


3: (2 points) Fill in the truth table for the circuit.

	A    B    |   Z
      ------------+------
        0    0    |   ?
        0    1    |   ?
        1    0    |   ?
        1    1    |   ?



4. (1 points) The circuit performs the same function as a ? gate.



5. (2 points) What is the approximate time delay from the input to the output
of the NOT gate?


			  ---- Review Questions ----

1. (1.5 points) Suppose you wanted to measure the frequency of a note played by
a piano and sensed from a microphone connected/viewed on an oscilloscope.
Answer the following True/False questions with a brief explanation.

     a. True/False: To measure the frequency, the vertical scale of the oscilloscope
     would be of more use than the horizontal scale.


     b. True/False: Since the note is played for a short time period, we should set the
     triggering to "Single" rather than "Run".


     c. True/False: If the signal ranges between 0V and 2.5V, the trigger level should
     ideally be set around 1.25V.


2. (1.5 points) Given the digital circuit you built, suppose as you test it the
output LED is always OFF regardless of the button positions. For each of the
following possible explanations, write a sentence that explains why that issue
would cause the LED to always be off.

     a. VDD was not connected to the IC chips.



     b. The pull-up resistors for the buttons were not connected appropriately.



     c. The LED was plugged in backwards.




